README.md, before:

# NJsonApi
The .NET server implementation of the {**json:api**} standard running on .NET Core 1.0 (DNX/vNext/OWIN).

> This library is not a complete implementation of the JSONApi 1.0 specification and is under heavy development.

## History
Spawned as an internal project used in production environment, the package is now available in the open thanks to courtesy of [**SocialCee**](http://socialcee.com)! Further development, including updating to {**json:api**} 1.0 will take place here.

Forked from the work done by https://github.com/jacek-gorgon/NJsonApi

## Quick start
You will need to download the code and build the NJsonApi.sln yourself, the nuget package is not part of this branch.

... given the two POCOs:
```cs
    public class World
    {
        public int Id { get; set; }
        public string Name { get; set; }
        public List<Continent> Continents { get; set; }
    }

	public class Continent
    {
        public int Id { get; set; }
        public string Name { get; set; }
        public World World { get; set; }
        public int WorldId { get; set; }
    }
```

... and the **NJsonApi** mapping and bootstrapping:
```cs
	var configBuilder = new ConfigurationBuilder();

	configBuilder
		.Resource<World>()
		.WithAllProperties()
		.WithLinkTemplate("/worlds/{id}");

	configBuilder
		.Resource<Continent>()
		.WithAllProperties()
		.WithLinkTemplate("/continents/{id}");

	var nJsonApiConfig = configBuilder.Build();
	nJsonApiConfig.Apply(httpConfiguration);
```

... a standard Web API controller method:
```cs
	[HttpGet, Route]
	public IEnumerable<World> Get()
	{
		return new List<World>() { ... };
	}
```

... starts returning the {**json:api**} compliant JSON:
```json
{
  "data": {
    "id": "1",
    "type": "worlds",
    "attributes": {
      "name": "Hello"
    },
    "relationships": {
      "continents": {
        "data": [
          {
            "id": "1",
            "type": "continents"
          },
          {
            "id": "2",
            "type": "continents"
          },
          {
            "id": "3",
            "type": "continents"
          }
        ],
        "meta": {
          "count": "3"
        }
      }
    },
    "links": {
      "self": "http://localhost:56827/worlds/1"
    }
  },
  "included": [
    {
      "id": "1",
      "type": "continents",
      "attributes": {
        "name": "Hello Europe",
        "worldId": 1
      },
      "relationships": {
        "world": {
          "data": {
            "id": "1",
            "type": "worlds"
          }
        }
      },
      "links": {
        "self": "http://localhost:56827/continents/1"
      }
    },
    {
      "id": "2",
      "type": "continents",
      "attributes": {
        "name": "Hello America",
        "worldId": 1
      },
      "relationships": {
        "world": {
          "data": {
            "id": "1",
            "type": "worlds"
          }
        }
      },
      "links": {
        "self": "http://localhost:56827/continents/2"
      }
    },
    {
      "id": "3",
      "type": "continents",
      "attributes": {
        "name": "Hello Asia",
        "worldId": 1
      },
      "relationships": {
        "world": {
          "data": {
            "id": "1",
            "type": "worlds"
          }
        }
      },
      "links": {
        "self": "http://localhost:56827/continents/3"
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Sample projects included
NJsonApi can be hosted in IIS (see the NJsonApi.HelloWorld example) or OWIN/Katana hosted in an example console application (NJsonApi.Console.Katana).

Use a browser and explore the related resource thanks to HATEOAS or run Fiddler and load the included session file for a full test bench.

Commit message:

Updated readme to remove Katana reference and also add DNX explanation.

README.md, after:

# NJsonApi
The .NET server implementation of the {**json:api**} standard running on .NET Core 1.0 (DNX/vNext/OWIN).

> This library is not a complete implementation of the JSONApi 1.0 specification and is under heavy development.

## History
Spawned as an internal project used in production environment, the package is now available in the open thanks to courtesy of [**SocialCee**](http://socialcee.com)! Further development, including updating to {**json:api**} 1.0 will take place here.

Forked from the work done by https://github.com/jacek-gorgon/NJsonApi

## Quick start
You will need to download the code and build the NJsonApi.sln yourself, the nuget package is not part of this branch.

... given the two POCOs:
```cs
    public class World
    {
        public int Id { get; set; }
        public string Name { get; set; }
        public List<Continent> Continents { get; set; }
    }

	public class Continent
    {
        public int Id { get; set; }
        public string Name { get; set; }
        public World World { get; set; }
        public int WorldId { get; set; }
    }
```

... and the **NJsonApi** mapping and bootstrapping:
```cs
	var configBuilder = new ConfigurationBuilder();

	configBuilder
		.Resource<World>()
		.WithAllProperties()
		.WithLinkTemplate("/worlds/{id}");

	configBuilder
		.Resource<Continent>()
		.WithAllProperties()
		.WithLinkTemplate("/continents/{id}");

	var nJsonApiConfig = configBuilder.Build();
	nJsonApiConfig.Apply(httpConfiguration);
```

... a standard Web API controller method:
```cs
	[HttpGet, Route]
	public IEnumerable<World> Get()
	{
		return new List<World>() { ... };
	}
```

... starts returning the {**json:api**} compliant JSON:
```json
{
  "data": {
    "id": "1",
    "type": "worlds",
    "attributes": {
      "name": "Hello"
    },
    "relationships": {
      "continents": {
        "data": [
          {
            "id": "1",
            "type": "continents"
          },
          {
            "id": "2",
            "type": "continents"
          },
          {
            "id": "3",
            "type": "continents"
          }
        ],
        "meta": {
          "count": "3"
        }
      }
    },
    "links": {
      "self": "http://localhost:56827/worlds/1"
    }
  },
  "included": [
    {
      "id": "1",
      "type": "continents",
      "attributes": {
        "name": "Hello Europe",
        "worldId": 1
      },
      "relationships": {
        "world": {
          "data": {
            "id": "1",
            "type": "worlds"
          }
        }
      },
      "links": {
        "self": "http://localhost:56827/continents/1"
      }
    },
    {
      "id": "2",
      "type": "continents",
      "attributes": {
        "name": "Hello America",
        "worldId": 1
      },
      "relationships": {
        "world": {
          "data": {
            "id": "1",
            "type": "worlds"
          }
        }
      },
      "links": {
        "self": "http://localhost:56827/continents/2"
      }
    },
    {
      "id": "3",
      "type": "continents",
      "attributes": {
        "name": "Hello Asia",
        "worldId": 1
      },
      "relationships": {
        "world": {
          "data": {
            "id": "1",
            "type": "worlds"
          }
        }
      },
      "links": {
        "self": "http://localhost:56827/continents/3"
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Sample projects included
NJsonApi runs in .Net Core 1.0 (also known as DNX, ASP.NET 5, dnxcore50). This makes NJsonApi Linux/OSX ready.

Use a browser and explore the related resource thanks to HATEOAS or run Fiddler and load the included session file for a full test bench.
